hello and thank you so much for checking
out this short video showcasing some of
the work of Don voice photography my
name is Matt and I am both Dawn's
husband and photography assistant the
first thing that we'd like to say is
congratulations on your recent
engagement certainly it's a very
exciting time for you probably a little
bit stressful too with the planning and
preparing but for now we'd like you just
to relax and enjoy the short portfolio
of some of our work while I share with
you just a little bit about what Don
boys photography is all about well one
of the first things that we like to
discuss with couples when we meet them
for the first time it's just whether or
not they're going to be comfortable with
us personally you know we've recognized
by our experience just how important it
is that you can feel if you can be
yourself when you're with us both you
and your wedding party if you can feel
relaxed and comfortable with us it's
going to allow those rutile emotions and
those real character and personality
traits that we capture in our work to
come out and it's going to allow us to
grab real feelings and real experiences
and real memories in your wedding
photography and you know it's not an
uncommon thing at all at the end of the
day for the bride and groom to really
consider us almost more of their friends
than their professional photographers as
far as our work itself goes Don and I
style this often referred to as more of
a more of a journalistic style and by
that I think what is meant is that our
photography tells a story tells your
story and this will be contrasted with
something more like maybe traditional
style and you know we oftentimes if we
jokingly described as you know come over
here stand in this line look at the
camera and say cheese no Don and I are
much more focused on the full range of
and experiences that you're going to
share with each other on your wedding
day you know some moments will deserve
smiles for sure but some are even
laughter you know some more serious and
deep and profound others will involve
tears and maybe even crying you know
there will be experiences that are
joyous some that require deep thought or
pondering some that are downright
hilarious and others that maybe can't be
so easily described with words and this
is the story this little picture is the
story that Don and I seek to tell and
our work our goal is to give you images
of your memories that are so real and
honest that they bring back with
feelings that you experienced when you
lift those memories and we want you to
have them in a beautiful artistic form
that you will not only love to but be
proud to have the walls of your home the
last thing we like to leave people with
is this just remember that in comparison
to the venue the meal the limo the
flower is the cake that you choose
investing in your wedding photography is
going to give you something that will
stretch well beyond just your wedding
day